#labels Featured
= List of changes =

==1.4==
 * File Harnesses
  * copy
  * delete
  * get
  * list
 * Command line executable harness.  Can now invoke command line actions.
 * Specify content in script for FTP (don't need a file)

==1.3==
 * Pass parameters to scripts invoked within a script
  * The name of the parameter in the calling script should be the same as the attribute 'scriptParameter' in the called script
  * all transforms (replace, etc) are applicable
 * Code cleanup

==1.2==
 * FTPWaitHarness improvements
  * Scan file for text contents
  * Keep file results for verification / access

==1.0===
 * Runners for command line (not just junit from ant)
  * Run for a particular script
  * Run for an entire suite of scripts
 * DB harness cleanup
  * repackaging
  * dbunit separation
  * sql runs
 * Unified responses around {{{RawResponse}}}
  * Used for putting raw strings into a response.  Good for file contents, string output, etc.
  * Removed {{{StringResponse}}}
 * Beefed up {{{XmlAccessor}}} for xml responses
  * Handles multiple XML documents in a row by wrapping with a root {{{<documents>}}} element
  * should allow for transparently running xpath on these elements
  * strip out xml base tags starting with {{{<?}}} and ending with {{{?>}}}
 * Renamed libraries to {{{mash-*}}}
 * HBase db support
  * simple create, insert, delete
  * scanning and filtering tables


==0.10===
 * Catch throwable, not exception in script runner, for better error reporting
 * IMAP email harness
  * Retrieve emails by message number or recipient
  * clean out emails for setup
  * verification of email properties (subject, recipient, from, content)


==0.9.1===
 * Log errors found during validation to the log.
 * Calculate the name of the test when no test name is given.  This is done by looking at the file name and removing the path of the suite invoking the test.
 * Provide a clear break between tests in the logs.