#summary FTPWaitHarness implementation

= Introduction =
Copy a file from one location to another.  The user can either pass the name of the original file to be copied or the desired content of the new file.

= Configuration =
Configuration values:


= Parameter =
Parameters for Copying:
 * 'sourceFileName' = the name of the original file that should be copied.  Not used if 'targetFileContent' is provided.
 * 'targetFileNameBaseDir' = the name of a directory that should be prepended to 'targetFileName'.  Optional.
 * 'targetFileName' = the desired name of the newly created file.
 * 'targetFileContent' = the desired content that should be saved in the newly created file.
 
= Sample Usages =
== Case One ==
{{{
    <Run type="org.mash.harness.file.FileCopyHarness" name="copy_properties">        
        <Parameter name="sourceFileName">
            <Value>/usr/local/myProject/config/mySetup.prop</Value>
        </Parameter>
        <Parameter name="targetFileName">
            <Value>/usr/local/testProject/config/testSetup.prop</Value>
        </Parameter>        
    </Run>
}}}
Mash will create a new file named '/usr/local/testProject/config/testSetup.prop' and copy the content from '/usr/local/myProject/config/mySetup.prop' into the new file.

== Case Two ==

{{{
    <Run type="org.mash.harness.file.FileCopyHarness" name="copy_properties">        
        <Parameter name="targetFileContent" file="/usr/local/myProject/config/mySetup.prop"/>
        <Parameter name="targetFileName">
            <Value>/usr/local/testProject/config/testSetup.prop</Value>
        </Parameter>        
    </Run>
}}}
This will read the contents of the file /usr/local/myProject/config/mySetup.prop, send the content to the FileCopyHarness, and save the content in a file named /usr/local/testProject/config/testSetup.prop